# Concepts

1. Input : for classification : x, y
1. Algorithm : 
    1. Operation : Init, set Hyperparameters, Learn
    1. Defintion
        1. Predictor family
        1. Loss function
        1. Optimization method
1. Hyperparameters
1. Result : results of the algorithm
1. Visualization with bokeh

# Datasets

Sone datasets are defined : Iris (REF), N-class Random data (REF) based on scikit learn.
DataSetFactory can be used to create a DataSet from the name of the dataset
A DataSet can be affected to an input to feed the algorithm
Some parameters are defined for some datasets. Not all parameters defined in sckitlearn can be used

## Existing datasets

1. N Class Random : Make a n class random problem (from sklearn.datasets) with noise calculation
1. Any datasets in sklearn.datasets (in theory)

# Exporting results

Results of a learning (input. classifiers, evalution, config) can be stored as json files into a directory Logs/(datehour)/
The results can be loaded be the supervised learning workflow and can be show by Visualization

# Configuration

The configuration of the learning process is defined in the config/config.json and can be loaded and accessed 
from the mlsurvey.Config class. Each element in the learning_process section can be a list to launch multiple learning.

# Learning process

The supervised learning process follow this structure :
1. choose the dataset (generate, load, define)
1. input pretreatement (support StandartScaler (mean 0, stddev 1))
1. apply the model evaluation strategy to split the input (support Train+Test)
1. learn
1. model evaluation and metrics calculation (confusion matrix, TODO)

The multiple learning workflow run multiple supervised learning workflow according to the config file. Multiple 
configuration can be generated by adding a list instead of a single value in a parameter for datasets, algorithms 
and splits.

# Visualization process

From a log directory with config.json, evaluation.json, input.json and model.joblib, the visusalization process
create an html page to display dataset, classification, configuration and score of the learning process.

